Capping single-server support to 10 000 minions (#1941)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/hardware-requirements.adoc

|===

endif::[]

[IMPORTANT]
====

> {productname} performance depends on a number of underlying resources, for example network bandwidth and latency between clients and servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} performance depends on a number of factors, for example, underlying resources, network bandwidth, latency between clients and server etc.
```

Based on the experience and different deployments that are in use, the advice for optimal performance of {productname} Server  with an adequate number of proxies is to not exceed 10 000 clients per single server.

> It is strongly recommended to move to Hub setup and involve consultancy once you have more than 10 000 clients, as this can lead to performance issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to move to the Hub setup and involve consultancy once you have more than 10 000 clients, as this can lead to performance issues.
```

|===

endif::[]

[IMPORTANT]
====
{productname} performance depends on a number of factors, for example, underlying resources, network bandwidth, latency between clients and server etc.

> Based on the experience and different deployments that are in use, the advice for optimal performance of {productname} Server with an adequate number of proxies is to not exceed 10.000 clients per single server.
> It is highly recommended to move to the Hub setup and involve consultancy when you have more than 10.000 clients.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Based on the experience and different deployments that are in use, the advice for optimal performance of {productname} Server with an adequate number of proxies is to not exceed 10,000 clients per single server.
It is highly recommended to move to the Hub setup and involve consultancy when you have more than 10,000 clients.
```

> Such a number of clients can lead to performance issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without fine tuning and an adequate number of proxies, such a large number of clients can lead to performance issues.
```

> Without fine tuning and an adequate number of proxies, such a large number of clients can lead to performance issues.

Reviewer 3: I would put something like this since we are talking about numbers above 10.000. What do you think @admd 
```suggestion
Even with fine-tuning and an adequate number of proxies, such a large number of clients can lead to performance issues.
```
